[Music]
important to start this excerpt
very important family they are
trying to censor me okay they are
trying to get rid of me so I do
n't speak so I don't give my opinion and so they
show their support they don't
want to get rid of me okay
other people have already explained it in this same
live today Joan Planas is trying to
super suspend my Twitter account
in a fatal way in the worst
way okay he is reviewing my entire
Twitter account and reporting it for
copyright on a tweet from years ago a year and a
half okay important that you all
follow me on Twitter
okay to be aware of what happens if I manage to do
it no okay and also very important
that you all follow me on my Instagram account
javi oliveira follow me all on Instagram
paying attention to the bird I try it
ta ta ta ta ta ta I see that a
hundred and something people have followed me in this
live well well you are paying attention to me
but just in case if you don't
want to waste my time and they manage to
censor me
follow me all the world on my
Twitter account and avoid something has happened super xv it
has become a super xv  I do
n't know if you remember this tweet it
's beautiful look a million likes a
million from the geltrú and no the people no the
people we went out of our way it was very
emotional when the euro cat died no
and auro posted this farewell tweet it was
in April look how long ago
but how long has it been already well well
and twitter today
well on twitter today it will be a message I do
n't know if it's automatic I don't know but what
they have to do is verify my
account okay so twitter comes
twitter comes and posts this tweet it says car
two cats died this afternoon
finally he was not able to overcome the
illness I am absolutely devastated
and at the same time full of rage and anger today
a part of me died thank you for these
eight years I love you very much and I got it
tattooed also address no don gato was
an icon of the aurum player channel don
gato was an icon and twitter comes
we love your tweets we would like to
use it maybe apply the filter or
treatment
maybe maybe
apply filters or treatment
what does that mean
in promotional materials and
twitter presentations tell us if you or
any person in your profile picture
tweet has any objection or if they do not
have the rights  the images
videos
or rather they want to put the aurum
play tweet somewhere like a
twitter ad something like that okay and
twitter likes it it
's difficult it likes it's the [ __ ] tweet and it
wants it and it's asking for permission
to use it it doesn't say as far as I know the
cat is dead twitter we love it
tell it to verify the project to the queue to
the queue
once you have to laugh we
lozano there and apparently well abrogates
talked about this now in his live
also take a look
at 8 views and what he said at
minute 12 with 30 seconds put on
twitter you are like an america it
works as it is very automated author
okay and like it does some very senseless things senseless senseless senseless I did
n't say at minute 12
that by the way something happened today let's see
to me personally I find it
funny the truth is I'm not offended or
anything you know how I am
because
I think it was born disrespect
sometimes but I don't think it was an
automatic yours it is I think action you
really asking him  permission to use
the images because they really wanted to
add yours to something in a campaign
or to love pretty pretty
good humor I do
n't know how to say it a pretty
advanced humor let's leave it there for me to
offend me
already happens one thing that I'm going to show you
now that I don't teach it for what or to
do thank you Viterbo I want a hug
three months thank you very much
the victim or something did not teach it as an
anecdote as an anecdote it
made me laugh well that's
it look I'll show it to you okay
this is the tweet that I posted when
Mr. Cat died Mr. Cat died this on
April 26th last week it's been a
while now the tweet
was in April summer
a verified twitter account notifi
says twitter notify damn it's twitter
not difficult
no [ __ ] idea no [ __ ]
idea what twitter is
parties
and we love your tweet we would like to
use it maybe apply a filter or
treatment in promotional materials
and twitter presentations tell us if
tell us if you or any person in your
profile picture tweet has any objection or
or if you don't own the rights to the
images  or videos that plan my
cat died and twitter responds I
loved the tweet please can I
use it for advertising I loved it it
was
literal and nothing well the answered because
this made me laugh obviously I want to think that
this is a bot that detects well I that it would
detect
tweets criticizing the gesture has a million
likes the same somehow they have there is
an algorithm detects tweets like
famous then it happens to us that of course they
should have some filter because of course
imagine that they do this with what is
heard my father just died no
and it says tweet it is not put twitter we
just loved your tweet can we
use it thank you very much at least it is
good it is curious and nothing and only
me well I have answered
I answer that answered it is that I did
not give a message but not
completely automatic but it is prescribed in writing
it will be the word
prescribed as well as a draft
in which it adds in the button to send a
private message that I do not get a
dick or something but promised from twitter
nothing if twitter themselves make
black humor imagine no no I do not trust
twitter it is pasta and a dick or something  she didn't
choose she was missing that I came out that
a dick look I have answered with this
image in plane what is this and then I have
done this no, my cat has died
twitter we love it with little games and
everything you know let's see you have to take life
with humor it's clear that it must be a bot
well we take advantage to do some
work network you want that not what is the
situation in general I
don't think that you have to worry skillful I do
n't think that you have to worry again
I think it's a we
have to take things more laughter
family
how good is the situation itself you
chew for a laugh but not that you
are laughing at anything bad of course you
are laughing at what the clumsy ones no
song and nothing family we leave it here
for today
tomorrow will be another day
okay tomorrow will be another day tomorrow
afternoon of the
title of the video of the title of the
live well we'll see that let's not hope
that nothing happens tomorrow will be another day
family I think that in the afternoon I will do a
live for Mr. Wounded surely
most likely live for the
Lordship and we'll see how he feels you are
there for your
Lordships for this matter okay
Thank you so much to everyone who
came this far. I send you a
huge hug. See you later, see you later, family.
[Music]